m
and
hello today tornado ms plexi
So an amp that takes over the
specifications of the famous plessis 18
marshall with improvements that's at
say that parts for example we have some
mercury magnetix processors and parts
have therefore been revised upwards at the
quality everything has been really thinking back to
this level then we have as on
the original one has two channels one channel where
we just have the volume and the tone and
then the channel with the tremolo in which
resumes volume tons and then
the intensity and the speed of the tremolo
can plug on speakers in
four or eight or in 16 ohms if if we have
a tornado baffle ms also with 2m
75 from this come back
we will first listen to him in his clear
with this TV which is equipped with
golden pickups ademe s17 you are the 55 and
let's go
Let's go
Oh
the most obviously the most of this amp
it's the tremolo so we'll listen to that
right now
no
m
you
we go to the double coil we are already
in his crunch we will add a little
of overdrive afterwards to saturate a
little more amp at the entrance and then we
will put the tremolo in the end that's like
that will make dunbourgnoux fund will be rich
here we go
m
yeah
aa
no
on this leash paul ii a bunker
tornado msd humbucker 59 so pickups
who are fairly faithful to the original paf
years
m
at
we know nothing